warm
Warm has grabbed the thermostat
Removed to the hospital
Why did he hit me?
Is he dying?
No.
He must have a purpose
Wenxi
You play hard to get, it's a good trick
I don't need your help
I, Lu Qinghan
I don't need you to stand in front of me with a woman
You think too much
I met a cat and a dog on the road
Will help him
Don't look if you don't dare
Get him hospitalized
I can't be discharged until I recover from my injury.
My wound is not serious
I'll have someone arrange it.
Let you live, you live
Lu Qinghan
You are obviously Mu Shuyu's fiancé
Why do I still like you so much?
Before I switch identities with Mu Shuyu
I want to part with you without regret